Back in the instruction page here we can see what we have to add to compile our server TS file to javascript.
We will use web Pech the build tool which is also used to compile the client side typescript code.
We can't just copy that configuration let's copy it and add it directly into a root folder there.
I will add a web pack dot server dot conflict dot.
J s not TS js file and paste in that code.
Now web pages are built too and they will not go in great detail for that.
We're basically saying take the server TS file build it for no.
Be aware of node modules and so on and include any dependencies we need in that sort of a TS file and
then output it into the disk folder and keep the original filename which is server.
In our case we then add a so-called module loader to add extra features and here we add the TSA loader
which we installed earlier which will basically do the typescript to javascript compilation.
We then have some plugins which are basically extra tools running over to compiled code which will do
some adjustments which are required right now to fix something.
Chances are they will not be required in the future.
With that we can run our build process and to run it copy dead web server like you find here at the
bottom and add it to your package don't chase and fall to the scripts section.
I add a new script here which is as well-packed serve a script and that is a script which will use web
Pech the built tool which is available because it's used by the Seelye anyways and it will take our
Web Picks to recon thick file which then will compile the server TS fall.
We can run the script by running NPM run not Angie but NPM run web Pech colon server and this should
compile our server TS fall to server jr's fault.
Now when you run this the first time it asks us whether we want to install the web pick Selye entery
Yes.
Because you need that tool to be able to run that webpage build process sledded install that and once
it is installed It'll start with the compilation.
Now you may ignore the warning here and you should now find a server jazz file in your dist folder.
We can now test this fall a running note this command is available since you have no choice installed
on your machine.
This slash server Daut J.S. No make sure you have both the browser and the service subfolder Stehr with
their build packages and hit enter.
Now we got a note server listening on localhost four thousand.
So let's grab that link and let's open it and then you tap entered at your L and hit enter.
And I get an error here.
I get an error which is telling me that something failed regarding the static injector.
Now you might not be getting that error when you're watching this.
Right now it is isn't there or you'll always get.
And you can fix it by going to that web server conflict file and by setting the mode here.
Mode and you property you have to add to non hit enter and run that NPM run web pix to recommand again
to rebuild it again and once it is done again rerun to this server.
And revisit this localhost four thousand page and now you should see the recipe book here.
If you now go to recipes and you reload You should see that if you inspect the page source it actually
contains the real content and not just your app root node.
So this now is the content of your page Free rendered on a server and it should work just as it works
on the client.
But now everything is pre-rendered on the fly Bida no chase server and does is angular a universal in-action.